Free Baggage Allowance
 

Hand Baggage
Check-in Baggage
Maximum Weight

One handbag up to 7 kgs and 115 cms (L+W+H) allowed per passenger. Additionally, one personal article, such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop, not weighing more than 3 kgs.

Domestic

15kg allowance per person effective Oct 1st, 2020. For Double or MultiSeats bookings, extra 10 kg. Additional charges may apply for excess baggage.
Maximum Weight

One handbag up to 7 kgs and 115 cms (L+W+H), allowed per passenger. Additionally, one personal article, such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop, not weighing more than 3 kgs.

Bangkok, Mauritius, Kathmandu, Male, Phuket, Bali

20kg allowance per person, basis the sector and for Kathmandu. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.

 Jeddah

30 kgs allowance per person, basis the sector including Zam Zam water*
*Only for flights from Jeddah to India. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.

Abu Dhabi, Almaty, Bahrain, Baku, Dammam, Dhaka, Doha, Dubai, Hong Kong, Istanbul, Langkawi, Muscat, Penang, Ras Al Khaimah, Riyadh, Sharjah, Tashkent, Colombo, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Tbilisi,Jakarta

30kg allowance per person, basis the sector. Additional excess baggage charges may apply.

Nairobi

25kg per person

Jaffna

15kg per person

 	 	India to Kuwait, Kuwait to India	Checked-in Baggage, weighing not more than a total of 30 (thirty) Kg, including carry of Cardboard box which should be suitably packed and within the prescribed dimensions (Dimension of a Checked-in Baggage must not exceed 158 cm (62 inches) (L+W+H). In ATRs, the dimension of a Checked-in Baggage must not exceed L 152 cm x W 58 cm x H 101 cm )
Maximum Weight

Only one bag weighing not more than 7 kgs.

For AU codeshare sectors
Ex-Australia: 46kg per person (2 piece only**)
Ex India: 30kg per person (2 piece only**)
Maximum Weight

Only one bag weighing not more than 8 kgs.

For EU codeshare sectors
30kg per person (2 piece only**)
Maximum Weight

Only one bag weighing not more than 8 kgs.

For US codeshare sectors
46kg per person (2 piece only**)
Maximum Weight

Only one bag weighing not more than 7 kgs.

For MY codeshare sectors
30kg per person (2 piece only**)
Dimensions

55cm x 35cm x 25cm

158cm (62 inches)
(Length + Width + Height)

**Disclaimer: For checked-in baggage, maximum 23kg/piece would be allowed

*Disclaimer: In addition to the one piece of Hand Baggage permitted to be carried in accordance with the above,  IndiGo will permit a Customer to carry one additional personal article such as ladies’ purse or a small bag containing laptop not weighing more than 3 kgs.

Items determined by us to be of an offensive nature, will not be permitted on board.

Subject to the prevalent applicable local laws and regulations, Customers may carry liquids in their Hand Baggage, subject to screening and security checks, and provided they meet the following restrictions:

Any liquid is in a container with a maximum volume of 100ml; and
All liquid containers meeting the maximum volume of 100ml each can be fitted comfortably into a transparent, re-sealable 1 litre plastic bag.
If a Customer wishes to carry an oversized item on board which is not compliant with the permissible limits set forth above, but will fit safely in a seat, IndiGo may allow such Customer at its discretion to purchase an additional seat on that flight, subject to availability and applicable fares. This facility is not available as part of online reservation and Customer may call our customer care number to arrange for booking such a seat for your Baggage. IndiGo reserves the right to refuse to carry any items or Baggage, due to excessive size or otherwise, if IndiGo deems it to be a safety risk.

Infant Baggage Allowance
Domestic Travel:
Hand Baggage: One hand bag up to 7 kgs and 115 cms (L+W+H), shall be allowed per customer. For contactless travel we recommend to place it under the seat in front, on board.
Check In Baggage: NIL
International Travel:
Hand Baggage: One hand bag up to 7 kgs and 115 cms (L+W+H), shall be allowed per customer. For contactless travel we recommend to place it under the seat in front, on board.
Check In Baggage: NIL
One stroller or baby pram per infant is allowed without any charge.

Baggage allowance for International Connecting Flights:
For customers on IndiGo connecting flights from domestic to international sectors or vice-versa: IndiGo’s free baggage allowance for international sectors will apply only to bookings made on a single PNR.
IndiGo Domestic Sector connecting to another airline to/from an international destination: 15 Kg per passenger. Baggage in excess of 15 kgs will be subject to additional charges of INR 600 per kg. Additional charge of INR 600 per kg would be levied in case the weight exceeds 15 kgs. Excess Baggage charges are non-refundable in case of no shows and gate no shows.
 

Passengers may carry up to 5 Litres of alcoholic beverages as part of their checked-in baggage, provided the following conditions are met:

The alcoholic beverage is in retail packaging and is packed appropriately (to prevent damage / leakage).
Alcohol content in the beverage is not more than 70%.
If the alcoholic beverage contains 24% or less alcohol by volume the above limitation of 5 Litres does not apply.

The alcoholic beverages is also permitted in carry-on baggage when purchased from the Airport Security Hold Area and should be placed in a transparent re-sealable plastic bag of a maximum capacity not exceeding 1 Litre. The indicative size of the 1 Litre bag is: 20.5 cm x 20.5 cm or 25 cm x 15 cm or equivalent. The containers must fit comfortably within the bag, which should be fully closed.

The passengers must comply with other applicable state / national regulations, if any.

General advisories regarding your baggage:
Don't accept any packets from unknown persons
Don't leave baggage unobserved at any time, especially at the airport. Unattended baggage may be removed by Airport Security as an object of suspicion
Please declare if you are carrying any arms or explosive substances, prior to Baggage screening/ check-in . Concealment is considered an offence under the Aircraft Act and Rules
Clearly label all baggage items with passenger's name, address and contact details
All prohibited/restricted items are liable to be removed by security and IndiGo may not be in a position to return such removed items