I/ Regulations for Hand Luggage:
Hand luggage must meet those requirements to be allowed on board the aircraft:

 

1. Hand luggage weight:

When boarding one passenger (except infants under 2 years old) may bring 01 main item of luggage and/or 01 small handbag, not exceeding 07kg (depending on fare rules and flight routes). 

 

2. Hand luggage dimensions:

- Dimensions not to exceed 56cm × 36cm × 23 cm.

- A small handbag (include only one of below bags)

01 Lady handbag or book, magazine, camera, children food kit, duty free bag..etc with the dimension not to exceed 30cm × 20cm × 10 cm.
01 jacket bag not to exceed 114cm × 60cm × 11cm.
01 laptop bag not to exceed 40cm × 30cm × 10cm.
3. Hand luggage tag:

Any hand carry bag without the Vietjet tag will not be allowed on board the aircraft. To avoid any inconvenience, kindly ensure your hand carry bag is securely tagged by our staff at the check-in counters.

 

4. Liquids in hand luggage

According to applicable laws and regulations, passengers can carry liquids in hand luggage, if that luggage meets the following conditions:

 

a) Liquids must be held in individual containers not exceeding 100ml.

b) The containers for any liquids carried on board in hand baggage must be carried in a separate, clear-plastic, zip-top or re-sealable bag; the bag must not have a capacity exceeding 1 liter.

c) These plastic bags are subject to opening in security zones. You may be required to discard the liquid if it does not meet the above requirements.

 

Important noticed:

Hand luggage carried on the aircraft must be in accordance with Vietjet regulations and must be able to fit in the overhead compartment or under the seat in front of you.
Hand luggage dimensions and weight might be checked again at the Boarding gate. Hand luggage classified as overweight, oversized will be incurred charge as Checked baggage or denied for carriage on the aircraft
The charges for baggage are higher at Check-in counter & at Boarding gate and will be converted into local currency. Buy pre-paid baggage to save more!
Please check our updated fees and charges here>>.

II/ Regulations for Checked Baggage:
1. Normal Checked Baggage

Weight must not exceed 32kg per piece
Dimensions not to exceed 119cm × 119cm × 81cm.
Golf club set with the total dimension (length + width + height) of each piece does not exceed 203cm considered as Normal Checked baggage.
You can pre-book Checked baggage service at Website, Booking offices, Agency or our Call center. The fee for Checked baggage will be higher at the airport.

 

2. Oversized Checked Baggage (service applied from 03 Jan 2020)

(The service is available on VJ flights only)

 

Weight must not exceed 32kg per piece
Dimensions exceed regulation of Normal Checked Baggage but not to exceed 200cm × 119cm × 81cm
Pre-book Oversized baggage package already combine Checked baggage fee and Oversized baggage service fee.
You can pre-book Oversized baggage package at Website, Booking office, Agency or our Call center. The fee for Oversized baggage service will be higher at the airport
 

* Notice:

- Passenger who pre-book Oversized baggage package is allowed to check-in baggage with total weight corresponding to the purchased package, including 1 oversized piece/passenger/flight. The remaining allowance of the package still can be used for check-in normal baggage.

- Additional oversized piece will be charged extra handling service fee at the airport with higher rate. Each passenger is allowed to check-in maximum 2 oversized pieces/ flight and may be changed subject to actual operation at the airport. Passenger has to ensure to purchase sufficient Checked baggage allowance that eligible to be applied Oversized baggage service.

- Passenger has purchased Checked baggage package still can change into Oversized baggage package by contact Sales channels to request (before cut-off time). Oversized baggage service purchased at the airport will incurred higher rate.

 

3. Checked Baggage Regulations

For forbidden Checked Baggage Items, we reserve the right to refuse carriage of baggage or items as follows:

 

a) Items not properly packed in suitcases or other suitable containers ensuring safe transport with normal care and handling;

b) Items are capable of causing harm to the aircraft or persons or property on board, such as the items specified in the Dangerous Goods Regulations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the Conditions of Carriage and terms of our contract;

c) Items that are prohibited in accordance with applicable laws, regulations or orders of any state or country of destination, departure or transit point;

d) Items that, in our view, are not suitable for carriage due to their weight, shape, size or nature;

e) Fragile or perishable items;

f) Live or dead animals;

g) Human or animal remains;

h) Fresh or frozen seafood and/or raw or frozen meat. These items can be transported as hand baggage if we accept that they have been packaged properly. Only porous foam barrel sponge and/or cold storage container containing dry/undamaged food may be permitted for processing after the authorities have inspected contents. If passengers refuse inspection, we have the right to refuse to carry that luggage;

i) Firearms and ammunition;

j) Explosives, flammable or incombustible gases (such as aerosol spray paints, butane gas, gas lighter refills) refrigerated gas (such as oxygen cylinders for underwater use, liquid nitrogen), flammable liquids (such as paints, thinners, solvents) flammable solids (such as matches, lighters), organic oxygen compounds (such as resins), poisons, infectious substances (such as viruses, bacteria), radioactive substances (such as Radium), corrosives (eg acids, alkalis, mercury, thermometers), magnetic material, and oxidizing materials (such as bleach); and

k) Weapons such as guns, swords, ancient knives and similar items. Such items may be permitted to be transported as checked baggage entirely as per our decision and are not allowed to be carried on the plane for any reason.

 

- Valuable and fragile goods

Passengers are advised not to leave these items in checked baggage. If these items are processed with checked baggage, the customer agrees to accept all the risks during transportation. These items include money, jewelry, precious metals, silverware, electronics, computers, cameras, video cameras, transferable documents, stocks and other valuable documents including passports and personal identity cards.

 

- The Right to Search

For safety and security reasons, we may ask you to undergo baggage examination, and pass through X-rays or other forms of screening. We have the right to check your luggage in your absence, if you cannot be found. This is done to check if your baggage contains prohibited or unacceptable goods. If you refuse such examination or screening, we have the right to refuse to carry you and your baggage on a flight without refund or responsibility. In case of injury to you or damage to baggage during screening and examination, we are not responsible for injury or loss, if this was not caused by our error or because of negligence on our part.

 

- Checked Baggage Procedures

After checked baggage is handed to us for inspection, we will preserve that baggage and issue a baggage tag for each piece of baggage. Checked baggage must have your name or personal identity securely attached. Checked baggage is shipped on the same aircraft with you, unless we decide to transport the baggage on another flight for reasons of safety, security or other special operational requirements. If your luggage is transported on another later flight, we will deliver it to you within a reasonable time after the flight, unless you are required to be present to carry out customs procedures according to law.

 

- Checked Baggage Fees

A baggage fee is charged for the carriage of checked baggage. Passenger can purchase only one baggage package.

Passenger can purchase Checked baggage package allowance levels 20kg, 30kg, 40kg, 50kg, 60kg, 70kg, 80kg, 90kg, 100kg (depend on flight route) or Oversized baggage package allowance levels 20kg, 30kg (passenger can upgrade to higher baggage package allowance before 3 hours prior to scheduled time of departure). Passengers who carry baggage heavier than their purchased allowance limit will have to pay extra fees per kilogram at the check-in counter at the airport. Please refer to our Fee Chart for more details on all charges. Baggage fees are not refundable and not transferable.

 

- Delivery of checked baggage

You will receive your luggage when the luggage is transported to the destination. If you do not collect your luggage within a reasonable time period and we are required to hold onto your luggage, we may charge you a storage fee. If you do not collect your luggage within two months, we will dispose of such luggage without incurring any liability to you. Only passengers with the proper baggage tag can collect baggage. We will only hand over baggage to passengers who can prove their ownership of the baggage. If you fail to present a proper baggage tag at the baggage collection point, you must reimburse us for any delivery costs incurred by us in returning your luggage to you. The tag holders’ acceptance of the baggage at the time of transfer is taken as acceptance that the baggage holder agrees the baggage has been delivered in good condition and in accordance with the contract of carriage with us.

III/ Liability for damages to baggage:
We are not liable for damages caused by any flaw in terms of character, quality or fault of baggage. Comparatively, we are not liable for any reasonable wear and tear of baggage caused by normal movements and impact during carriage by air. We shall compensate for damage to baggage based on the general conditions wherein compensations vary in accordance with actual damages but do not exceed our limits of liability. The burden of proof remains on passengers to prove actual damages to their baggage. Our liability for damages to lost baggage is limited to 200,000 VND per kilogram for domestic flights and 20 USD per kilogram or the equivalent in other currencies for international flights.

 

Compensation for partly damage baggage	(In VND)
Broken handle	150,000
Broken wheel	150,000
Broken zip	150,000
Crack or depresssion on surface	300,000
Tear	150,000
Depression	150,000
Broken bottom (wheels)	200,000
 

The limit of liability for damage due to loss, shortage or damage to Checked Baggage and Hand Baggage is 1,288 SDR (one thousand two hundred and eighty eight) for each passenger.

IV/ Our liability for damages to passengers caused by delay:
1. In accordance with the regulations on goodwill for delayed baggage, passengers who are not permanent residents at the agreed stopping places are unable to collect checked baggage within twenty-four (24) hours of their arrival. The goodwill is respectively 180,000 VND per passenger for domestic flights and 300,000 VND per passenger for international flights. The compensation limit for late carriage amounts to 1,288 SDR per passenger.

 

2. We are not liable for baggage damage caused by delay, if We can prove that: (i) We and Our representatives have performed all necessary measures to avoid such damage or (ii) We or Our representatives cannot perform such measures.

 

* Notice:

Infants (under 2 years old) are not permitted to carry luggage but please note that strollers, wheelchairs, crutches or mobility-aid equipment support for passenger are transported free of charge.
For health and safety reasons, we will not accept any single item that weighs more than 32kg and dimensions exceeding 200cm x 119cm x 81cm.
For oversized baggage piece (Sports equipment) can be transported in the cargo compartment after payment of the transport fee specified in the Fees Chart, with limits of liability will follow Checked baggage in Terms and Conditions issued by Vietjet. Thus, you may buy insurance for these items.
For musical instruments that exceed the size of overhead compartment, you can choose to register Oversized baggage service or buy an extra seat to accommodate it on board. The weight of the instrument must be less than 75kg and the size must not exceed 165cm x 44cm x 66cm. There is no baggage allowance for the extra seat.